Previously on Empire...
With Andre out, Pamplemousse
is gonna have to expand
its role managing Empire.
That means the return
of its most profitable CEO.
I'm stuck between either
being able
to protect Empire
or protect Andre.
Let's team up on this.
Come down to BossyFest.
We will be hosting on stages
all across New York City.
Your daughter's the real thing,
man.
Just keep it business, Lucious.
Where did your little,
young ass learn how
to put those soulful words
together?
I didn't.
Lucious did.
I'm getting on that plane
for the mission trip
and I'm never coming back.
Our meeting was the beginning,
so I'm thinking of you now
as I'm facing the end.
I love you, always.
♪ ♪
-Do me a favor.
-Yeah.
Please make sure
that Cookie gets this.
I promise.
♪ ♪
Your mama can't save you now,
sucka!
Yeah.
I got half a mind
to shove dynamite down your
throat and light the fuse.
So why don't you spill your
mama's secrets, or else?
♪ She turn fire into rain ♪
♪ Heal your pain
like novocaine ♪
-♪ If you was blind ♪
-You want some, sucka?
Get this!
Ha!
♪ ♪
Now, just like
the day after Thanksgiving,
I'ma toss the rest of you
jive turkeys out, you dig?
Now I done had it
with you low-life skeezeballs
messing with my business,
but now?
You done come after my son.
Bring it.
Come on, brothers,
let's go.
♪ ♪
Ha!
Let's get it on.
I've been waiting for this,
you sanctified bitch.
♪ ♪
Ha! Ah-ha!
You belong to me, bitch.
♪ ♪
You got one!
Whoo.
Relax your nerve, baby, because
Cookie always arrives on time.
♪ ♪
In my dream,
I was invincible.
You know, I--
I could do no wrong.
Then I wake up and it's all
a mess on top of a mess.
I'm launching a huge festival
while my oldest son is trying
to run off to God knows where.
Doesn't he have the right
to make his own choices,
like you did?
You described yourself
as a shy Catholic school girl
who became Cookie Lyon,
the media mogul.
You chose that.
Look, I didn't choose a lot
of things in my life, okay?
My mother left us.
And then I realized my father
and my sisters were a wreck.
And then I saw it clear as day.
I was the only person left
with shoulders strong enough
to carry the load, so I did.
You describe Loretha as a girl
with her world upended,
yet Cookie refuses to lose.
How did that come about?
Loretha becoming Cookie?
Lucious gave me that nickname.
Interesting.
I mean,
his life was interesting.
It was, um, dangerous
and it was exciting
and so I just leaned into it,
child.
I mean hair, clothes--
Attitude.
But what happened to Loretha?
You know, talking about all
this Cookie and Loretha stuff,
that ain't gonna
make Andre stay.
Cookie is more
than a nickname.
She's a persona,
your armor and your sword.
But are you in touch
with Loretha?
What do you mean?
Many black women feel the
pressure to be superwomen,
like in your dream.
They feel they're expected
to conquer everybody's problems
without showing any weakness
or vulnerability.
The thing is,
that's an impossible standard.
Do you think that's how
you lost Loretha to Cookie?
Look, I'm about to lose my son,
mm-kay?
I got a huge festival to run
and a green-eyed bitch
on my back, okay?
I can't sit here and yap
about Catholic school, child.
-Guess what?
-Hmm?
BossyFest
is completely sold out...
- Whoo.
- And the live streaming
is gonna definitely
give the ASAs
a run for their damn money, so.
Yes.
Question is,
what's gonna happen
with Kelly Patel and Giselle?
Well, I'm sure they got
some tricks up their sleeves
after we
"Me Too" dragged their asses.
Oh, there he is.
Hey.
I was just gonna store
some of my stuff here
or I can send it to Goodwill.
Um, baby, look.
I know you've gone through
a lot in the last few months.
Look, it's a lot for anybody.
Your father and I think
that you should just stay put.
You know, just--
just try a staycation.
I appreciate your concern,
but my flight leaves tomorrow.
I'm gonna be on it.
Andre, please listen
to your mother for a minute.
I listened to you, Ma,
I listened to you.
I tried to talk to Teri.
It was a disaster.
I'm out.
Look, regardless of what
happened with Teri, son,
you just got out
of the damn facility.
I mean, give yourself
a little time to relax
and make sure your meds
are calibrated
before you go trying
to demonstrate
down in some other country.
-I got stuff to do.
-Andre.
I love you both.
I always will.
♪ ♪
I hope you didn't make
us late tying up that corset.
Man, private flights
mean you can't be late.
Kelly Patel
and that push-up bra
fell right into
our little trap.
I hope persecuting the only
black-owned business
by Pamplemousse is worth it.
But who gives a damn?
Let's un-gentrify
the neighborhood.
All right, Mr. Robinson.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'm the one, I'm the one
like Keanu Reeves ♪
♪ Get it done, yeah,
I get it done ♪
♪ No blood on the leaves ♪
♪ They can't
leave us hanging ♪
♪ No, no, not no more,
best believe ♪
♪ Get it done,
yeah, I get it ♪
♪ Killed it
with no time to grieve ♪
♪ I'm the one, I'm the one
like Keanu Reeves ♪
♪ Get it done,
yeah, I get it ♪
Okay, it's about damn time
y'all got here.
Let's all get seated and
start this meeting, please.
Yes.
What the hell is going on here?
Oh, God,
I thought Frik was slow
but it looks like Frak
is just as challenged.
Okay, look, playtime is over,
Cookie.
Lucious, this is Pamplemousse's
boardroom, not a street fight.
You have no grounds here.
Should I tell her
or should you?
Well, I think it's best
coming from
the first female board member
of Pamplemousse.
Well, that can't be
'cause you have to vote
to ratify a new board member.
Well, actually,
it's two new members.
In view of these very sensitive
times in which we live in,
I think a worldwide brand
should not be
granting promotions
from a bedroom, do you?
Yeah, Kelly looks like the type
that likes it on all fours.
Right, fellas?
This is beyond ridiculous.
We came here to clear the air
and lay out a path
for the future.
While you two were busy
playing checkers, we,
well, we weren't
playing games at all.
Mm-mm.
Two hours ago, we all agreed
Pamplemousse needed
to add a bit of color
and femininity in order
to clean up the mess
that you two have created
for the company.
You know what?
In fact, let's get this
official vote started now.
All in favor?
Yes.
Listen, listen, listen.
We are here
to lay out a five-year plan
to launch Empire to become
the biggest media platform
on this side of the planet.
Do you understand?
Just hear me out.
No, you listen, Linda.
Take your tight ass
and your nipple confidence
and get to stepping and take
his little, tight ass too.
You are fired.
Again, girl, bye!
Nobody want to hear
what you got to say.
Keep your legs closed, child.
Keep your personal affairs
to yourself next time.
She got nobody else.
♪ I see
the crystal raindrops fall ♪
Cook, what's wrong
with you, man?
I mean, we won
and you looked like
somebody just stole your dog.
I'm just thinking.
I went to therapy today.
We were talking about how
Loretha just left
and Cookie appeared.
How did that happen?
Do you even hear yourself
right now?
I mean, you're still
the same sweet Loretha
that I fell in love with
all those years ago.
Cookie, that's the monster
that needed to show up
to defend Loretha and
the people that Loretha loves.
Loretha is still right there.
You're more than just
somebody that survived, Cook.
You're--
Loretha is one of the most
beautiful, kind, and loving,
and baddest bitches walking
on two feet on this planet.
You done took everything
that life has thrown at you,
you done took everything
I threw at you,
and you're still standing.
That didn't break you,
it made your ass stronger.
♪ ♪
Thank you.
I really needed to hear this.
Oh, man, I got you.
Whatever happens,
we're always
gonna make a good team.
♪ ♪
Here you go, dear.
Thank you.
Now, you know you ain't gonna
see Walker or Teri
if you go to Uganda.
Uruguay.
And I keep telling you
Teri wants nothing
to do with me, Hakeem.
Bro, she might change her mind.
What about Walker?
Maybe he's better off
without me.
I was a baby when Mom left.
You know how that was?
You want that for your own kid?
Told you family's everything
and you gotta fight.
It's over, Hakeem.
It's finished.
She doesn't trust me
with Walker.
with anything.
We got lawyers on retainer.
Go get your son.
♪ He said he gonna
give me all this back-- ♪
♪ I'ma make that back, then ♪
♪ If you Prada me, then
show me, let that cash spend ♪
♪ ♪
Uh-uh.
I can't deal with this,
like, no.
-No, no, no, what is this?
-Kash, I hear it too.
Don't worry about it.
We just have a few more kinks
to work out on our end
and so
why don't you just take a five
and when you're back,
it'll be all good, I promise.
Take five?
Why don't we just take 60
since you're wasting my time?
This is amateur night
or something? Girl.
You will not embarrass me
and Kash Doll tonight
in front of the entire world.
-The whole world's watching?
-Girl, don't be smart, okay?
I don't want my artists to
sound like they're underwater.
We're in sound check, Becky.
That's the whole point.
We fix the issue before
a performance, you know that.
Okay, I don't understand
how you produced the track,
you wrote the lyrics,
and you still got it wrong.
Wow.
That's low.
-Is it?
-Yeah, even for you.
Well, guess what, sis?
We don't gotta be friends,
do we?
Just secure the bag.
Bag secured.
'Preciate ya.
♪ It's my time ♪
Mm, that is a beast, man.
That's what I'm talking about.
Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Give us a minute.
Yeah, we're gonna put this
right out on Empire Xstream
just as Yana is taking
center stage at that BossyFest.
I heard you're
putting her out on tour?
You're damn right, I am.
European tour.
She's about to be a megastar.
Well, you called that one
early, bro.
But yo, I've been watching her
in the booth lately, man.
She been sweating.
Seem like she's doing it
more for you
than she is for herself.
She's a good girl, you know?
Nice girl.
Problem is, she's just a little
too smart for her own good.
-Why do you say that?
-That song?
She figured out
it was about Cookie.
I knew it, man.
Did you tell her
what she needed to hear?
You're damn right, I did.
Didn't feel good
telling her that, though.
Cookie's your day one, man.
She given you
three beautiful kids,
y'all built a mega business.
Ain't no Yanas gonna
go fill that void, man.
If you told her the truth,
it would only hurt her.
This way, she's protected.
Yeah, man.
How long does that go on?
I mean, it's just a matter of
time before she figures it out.
♪ ♪
What's this about, Lucious?
I've got a thousand things to
do to get ready for BossyFest.
I know, I just wanted
to tell you in person
that I'm gonna go on that tour
with Yana.
You could've texted me that,
Lucious.
Something else
I didn't tell you.
That song,
"Home Is On The Way,"
is about you and me.
It's about us.
You're telling me something
I already know.
No, I wrote the lyrics
from some of the letters
that I wrote for you
while you was in prison.
You never wrote me no letters
with your trifling ass.
What are you talking about?
I just never sent them,
but I wrote them.
♪ ♪
"Sweet Loretha..."
You let me rot in that prison
cell all those years
thinking you didn't care
about me.
At the time,
I thought you needed to be hard
in order to survive in there,
and I thought
that these letters
would just weaken you, so--
So you sent divorce papers
instead.
I can't make the past go away,
but uh,
I needed you to know, um,
whatever love was left
in my heart
died the day you got locked up
because I should've been there
for you.
I lied when I told you
that I built Empire on my own
without you,
'cause the truth is
you were the reason
that I didn't allow it to fail.
Because I didn't want those
17 years you spent in there
to be in vain.
I just didn't have the heart
to tell you, and, uh--
I was too young and too dumb,
you know?
♪ ♪
Those 17 years...
it's not on you.
You have no idea
how it's not on you.
What do you mean?
Our lives were moving fast,
you know?
Kids, money, streets,
and you had the talent
to change our lives.
All this time,
I thought going to prison
meant that I was strong.
I was so wrong, Lucious.
I wasn't brave enough
to invest in me without you.
But that's changed now.
♪ ♪
You wrote all of that?
I should've sent 'em.
Shoulda, woulda, coulda.
♪ ♪
You and Yana have a good time
on tour.
♪ ♪
I just needed you to know.
-Yes.
-Mm-mm.
So, mm, let me get this right.
-No sidekicks, no co-hosts.
-No.
No comedians, no sad, sappy
white girls with three cats.
Just me and America, baby.
They better get ready
'cause Cookie's got
her own show, now.
Mmm.
I've got a perfect idea
for a segment
with two incredible women.
One divorced, one single,
but both sassy and sexy.
-You and Carol?
-Mm-hmm.
Oh, okay.
I'll produce it.
And we'll call it, uh,
"Bougie and the Ho."
Shut yo ass.
So how's this show gonna be
different than, uh, Tea Talk?
-Uh, what's gonna be different?
-Mm-hmm.
I did 17 years
in prison, honey.
I went through the fire,
got therapy,
left Lucious's ass,
came out on the other side
whole and happy.
My journey is the angle,
Candace.
Left Lucious behind?
Mm-hmm.
Look, I--
I spent all my life
putting that man first,
and through therapy,
I've learned that it's okay
to be selfish,
to put myself first,
and that's what I'm doing.
So he is my ex
who is now my friend.
Girl, if you believe it,
ain't my place to doubt it.
I can love Lucious without
being in love with him.
Come on, now.
You ain't gotta front on me,
Cookie.
'Cause it's the same
as it ever was.
Ever since the two of you
locked eyes
on that corner in Philly.
Thank you so much
for your permission, honey.
You're welcome.
But love is about choice,
and this grown-ass woman
is making her choice.
And I think we should toast
to that before I kick your ass.
Let's toast.
Mm-hmm.
-To choices.
For me choosing
not to kick your ass.
-You hungry?
-Yes, let's eat something.
♪ ♪
"And said I, 'Woe is me,
for I am undone
"'because I am a man
of unclean lips
"'and I dwell in the midst
of a people of unclean lips.
"For mine eyes have seen
the King, the Lord of hosts!'
"Also I heard the voice
of the Lord saying,
'Whom shall I send?
Who shall go for us?'
"And said I, 'Here am I.
Send me.'"
♪ ♪
Teri, it's Andre.
I don't want
to ambush you again.
I just need you to know
that I'm staying in town.
I can't prove it today,
but I will be the man
that my son can look up to.
I will and I don't mean
to pressure you, you know.
This isn't about lawyers.
It's not about threats
or anything like that.
I prayed on this and--
and I hope you will, too.
♪ ♪
I just need you to know
that when you're ready...
♪ ♪
When you're ready,
I'll be here for my son.
Bye.
♪ ♪
♪ When I roll up
looking hella fine ♪
♪ You can act like
you don't see ♪
So, Maya, let's talk about your
upbringing and your mother.
Um, well, I like to focus
on the right now,
which is BossyFest.
Cookie Lyon,
your mother-in-law,
was cellmates with your mother.
Jill, these weren't
the talking points.
A woman who was raped
and impregnated with you.
That had to shape
your early years.
Talk about that journey
from prison baby
to wife of Hakeem Lyon.
That's quite a climb.
Okay, you know what?
Mm, Jill, that, um--
This interview is over.
My wife is crying.
I don't care about nothing else
right now.
Get your ass out of here.
Stop.
Get out!
♪ ♪
You see me?
You okay?
♪ ♪
Hey! What's up?
Y'all ready for BossyFest
to put it on ya?
Then give it up
for Hakeem and Maya Lyon!
♪ ♪
♪ I'll be right there ♪
♪ I only want one thing ♪
♪ Yeah,
don't need a clique ♪
♪ When I've got a bad chick
on my arm ♪
♪ So reliable, you were
right there when I call ♪
- ♪ I was ♪
- ♪ Silver lining of my life ♪
♪ After all
I've been through ♪
♪ Never thought I'd have a
queen and someone to vent to ♪
- ♪ Uh-huh ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'm here,
got the money, got the fame ♪
♪ Drippin' in baguettes ♪
♪ Got the diamonds,
got the chains ♪
♪ And you stay on my heart,
on my brain ♪
♪ Let's stay together
and I hope it never change ♪
♪ I'll be right there
when you call me ♪
♪ Ten toes down, yeah,
I'll always be all-in ♪
♪ Yeah,
and I ain't gonna change ♪
♪ Even when the whole world
knows my name ♪
♪ Even if they don't get it,
they don't get it ♪
♪ It's just a different kind
of life that we're living ♪
♪ Yeah, so don't speak
unless you in it ♪
♪ 'Cause you don't get it ♪
♪ Only me and you ♪
♪ We don't care what they say
we're doing this anyway ♪
♪ Only me and you,
only me and you ♪
♪ And I don't mean
no disrespect ♪
♪ I don't care about
the dudes ♪
♪ In your DM or your texts,
it's just you and I ♪
♪ Smile on my face every time
and you know why ♪
♪ You get mad, try to leave,
yeah ♪
♪ Nice try ♪
♪ Even if they don't get it,
they don't get it ♪
♪ It's just a different kind
of life that we're living ♪
♪ Yeah, so don't speak
unless you in it ♪
♪ 'Cause you don't get it ♪
♪ Only me and you ♪
♪ I get through the bad days
in all the worst ways ♪
♪ Only me and you ♪
♪ I only want one thing,
boy, that's you ♪
♪ You know
it's just me and you, right? ♪
Live from BossyFest Harlem,
give it up for Kash Doll!
♪ ♪
♪ Yo, he said he gon' give me
all his back end ♪
♪ Throw that money,
I'ma make that back, then ♪
♪ If you Prada me, then
show me, let that cash spend ♪
♪ Got your man going crazy
trying to tap in ♪
♪ Watch me work, watch
me twerk, watch me back in ♪
♪ Bad 'lil baby, y'all
go crazy for that back end ♪
♪ If that bread right,
I be there every night ♪
♪ With that check, like ♪
♪ Them diamonds
look like headlights ♪
♪ I'm a G in a G Wagon
that's the AMG ♪
♪ If you ain't getting money
then you ain't for me, yeah ♪
♪ He said he gonna get me
all his back ends ♪
♪ Throw that money,
I'ma back that back bend ♪
♪ If you Prada me, then
show me, let that cash spend ♪
♪ Got your man going crazy
trying to tap in ♪
♪ Watch me work, watch
me twerk, watch me back in ♪
♪ Get that money, then I spend,
spend, spend, spend ♪
It's gonna
be flawless, Lucious.
Yeah, I know.
It's gotta be.
Make you sure you get
everything on point on stage.
-Okay.
-Thanks.
♪ ♪
You always got me
on my back foot.
You're going to Europe
with my daughter?
Look, I figured since
you and her were
talking again that
maybe she wanted
to be the one to tell you.
Man, I can't believe
my little girl going
on a European tour, man.
I gotta admit,
you made good with your promise
to make her a star.
And you kept it professional.
You did.
She's a good girl.
You did good, man.
Ah, thank you, Lucious.
Put your hands together
for Bossy's own Tiana!
♪ ♪
♪ We prove them all wrong
when they asking ♪
♪ Laughing when we flying by ♪
♪ We pose when the cameras
start flashing ♪
♪ 'Cause everything we drop
top five ♪
♪ Baby, you're all talk,
no action ♪
Can we talk about me being
a super messy bitch for a bit?
I don't have time for your
multiple personalities,
'cause one of 'em told me
let's keep it strictly business.
So let's do that.
I know I said that and
I'm really sorry about that.
I don't know who that was.
I'm also really sorry that
I stole your song
and gave it to Kash Doll,
and I want to make amends,
so can--
so the last verse
on Tiana's bop is all yours.
The track has already
been extended
and Tiana knows
that you're gonna join her.
Are you serious right now?
Not bad for your
first performance, right?
Becky, do not play with me,
'cause I will catch you--
I will beat your ass back here
if you're playing with me,
okay?
You can put away
your paws, Porsha.
I really just want to right
one of my biggest wrongs,
and I'm just trying
to get my friend back.
Yes, bitch!
Yes!
I'm really sorry.
-Are you for real?
-You gotta go, though.
-Like, right now?
-Give me your purse.
♪ Bossy is what Bossy does ♪
- ♪ I got it ♪
- ♪ Bossy and we bossin' up ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Bossy, ain't no bossing us ♪
♪ Pretty brown skin
with a whole lot of attitude ♪
♪ She make money and got a lot
of attributes ♪
♪ I'm 'bout my business and
I'm sizzlin' like barbecue ♪
♪ I went from fetching shoes ♪
♪ And now I'm at the top
like parachutes ♪
♪ Hold up,
I like fat checks and commas ♪
♪ I've been working hard
so long ♪
♪ That I can't go back
to the bottom ♪
♪ They been sleeping on me ♪
♪ I'ma have to wake 'em
in pajamas ♪
♪ I can't have
an empty wallet ♪
♪ I done made a promise
to my mama ♪
♪ Boss chick, leveled up,
like I graduated ♪
♪ Count your paper and never
let 'em underestimate ya ♪
♪ Boss ♪
♪ We way too strong for ya ♪
-♪ We stand too tall for ya ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Money way too long for ya ♪
♪ Bossy is what Bossy does ♪
-♪ What, what? ♪
-♪ We way too hard for ya ♪
-♪ You way too small for us ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Money way too long for ya ♪
♪ Bossy is what Bossy does ♪
♪ Bossy is what Bossy does,
Bossy is what Bossy does ♪
♪ Bossy and we bossin' up,
Bossy and no bossing us ♪
♪ Bossy is what Bossy does,
Bossy is what Bossy does ♪
♪ Bossy and we bossin' up,
Bossy and no bossing us ♪
Do me a favor.
Introduce me as, uh, Loretha--
no, Loretha "Cookie" Lyon.
Okay.
Did I just hear that?
Loretha "Cookie" Lyon?
Mm-hmm.
-Sounds good.
-It feels good.
Now,
let's hear it for a legend.
Um--
Loretha "Cookie" Lyon!
All right!
Hey, everybody!
All right.
How y'all feeling?
Oh, Yana, um--
When you get out there--
I mean, that crowd is gonna be
really, really loud,
so don't try
and over-sing them, you know?
Don't make a moment,
just let the moment happen.
It's gonna be perfect.
Vocal coaching, Lucious?
I know you, Lucious.
That's not what you wanna say.
What is it?
Yana, we're gonna talk about it
after the performance.
-Just--
-You're not going?
You're not going
to Europe with me?
I saw this coming.
I saw it.
She has your heart, Lucious.
She always has
and she always will.
I want y'all
to keep that same energy
for our rising star at Bossy.
Please welcome Yana.
How are you, BossyFest?
Wow.
Being here
was a million miles away
from what I thought I wanted,
but then I, um,
I met someone who
inspired me to dream.
And instead of doing
my new single tonight,
I would like to sing a song
that he wrote.
It's about love.
I think you may know it.
♪ ♪
♪ There it goes ♪
♪ Got through another day
without you ♪
♪ Going through the motions ♪
♪ 'Cause there
ain't no other way ♪
♪ I swear
that I can feel you ♪
♪ Don't know
if I'm asleep or awake ♪
♪ I reach out to touch you ♪
♪ Then realize
you're miles away ♪
♪ And every chance I took
for granted ♪
♪ Never again ♪
♪ I won't let you go ♪
♪ I'm like a heart
without a soul ♪
♪ So I'll ♪
♪ I'll count down the days ♪
♪ And try not to break down ♪
♪ I'll keep the faith ♪
♪ 'Cause home is on the way ♪
♪ We'll make up the time ♪
♪ No matter the distance ♪
♪ It's worth the wait ♪
♪ 'Cause home is on the way ♪
Make sure that child
don't miss his cue.
You know he ain't so bright.
Go on.
♪ That I haven't
called you lately ♪
Ugh.
♪ Sometimes it's easier
to say it face-to-face ♪
-Andre!
-Hey, Ma.
You're still here.
Does that mean you're staying?
Well, I was all set to go
and then I realized
I have more reason to stay.
Oh, boy, that's what
I've been trying to tell you.
-Come here.
-You were right, Ma.
As soon as this is over,
we are gonna celebrate.
I feel like the Lyons coming
through a storm, baby.
Come on.
Whoo!
♪ We'll make up the time ♪
♪ No matter the distance ♪
♪ It's worth the wait ♪
♪ 'Cause home
is on the way ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Home is on ♪
♪ The way ♪
Thank you, BossyFest!
That was amazing.
Yana.
Wait a minute, Yana.
Come on.
-Hold up a second.
-Hold up for what, Lucious?
Stop trying to make me your
stepping stone to your ex-wife.
Believe it or not,
I do love you, I really do.
I know you do,
just not the way
that you love Cookie.
Doesn't mean that it's all bad,
what we did.
You yourself said
that you couldn't imagine
that you would be here at
the doorstep to superstardom.
And you're here, right?
I don't want to hate you.
You are still that silky voice
that just grabbed all
my attention in that bar.
And now you're gonna do that
to everybody
in the whole damn world.
They're gonna have
that same joy.
It's just you made me
believe in music again.
♪ ♪
Come on.
Lucious!
You liar!
♪ And every chance
I took for granted ♪
♪ Never again ♪
♪ I won't let you go ♪
♪ I'm like a heart
without a soul ♪
♪ So I'll ♪
♪ I'll count down the days ♪
♪ And try not to break down ♪
♪ I'll keep the faith ♪
♪ 'Cause home is on the way ♪
♪ We'll make up the time ♪
And sadly,
this song is what we have left
to remember the rising
young star Yana Cross
after her sudden death.
She was shot and killed
in Manhattan
at the musical festival
BossyFest.
Authorities continue
to search for her killer,
and we'll keep you posted here
as we learn more information.
♪ Haven't called you lately ♪
♪ Sometimes it's easier ♪
♪ To say it face-to-face ♪
♪ 'Cause lovers come and go ♪
♪ But we're
more than temporary ♪
♪ I know when I see you it'll
feel like nothing's changed ♪
♪ ♪
Despite my best efforts,
Damon Cross
is still breathing oxygen.
You mean he might
be coming after us?
Calm down.
Look, in view
of the present threat,
in addition
to your usual security,
we've arranged for you guys
to have 24/7 added detail
to you and your families
until everyone is safe.
We also have decided to cancel
the Empire movie premier
just to keep everybody safe.
Man, that's wack.
An attack on one
is an attack on all.
The Lyons have never
backed down before
and we're not about
to start now.
We trust you handle Damon, Pop,
just like you pulled us through
every other crisis
we have ever faced.
The show must go on.
Okay, well, then we lock down
Leviticus tight as a drum.
♪ ♪
It's good
to have you back, son.
You always make it back.
You can't deny
what's in your blood, Pop.
Amen.
♪ ♪
Promise me that you're
gonna leave Damon out of this
at least until the premiere.
Unfortunately,
that's not up to me.
That's up to Damon.
♪ ♪
So what do you think?
Oh, well,
you finally look like
the proper ho.
Thanks.
Who's that?
Philly Street?
Philly Street,
what are you doing here?
Cookie.
This is from your man.
He won't let me help.
He's taking on Damon
by himself.
♪ ♪
Loretha,
from the moment I saw you,
I knew we were meant to be.
I've messed up
a million times,
but you never stopped
believing in me.
♪ ♪
You took away from me
what matters the most.
♪ ♪
You gave me Empire,
you gave me our boys,
you gave me life.
Our meeting was the beginning,
so I'm thinking of you now
as I'm facing the end.
♪ ♪
Cookie?
I love you, always.
What's that about?
♪ ♪
You were right.
He's the love of my life
and it might be too late.
♪ ♪
Lucious!
Oh, my God.
Oh, Lucious!
Oh, no, no, no!
No, Lucious!
Lucious, Lucious, Lucious,
Lucious, Lucious, Lucious.
Come on, damn it!
Breathe!
Think about your sons, Lucious.
Get up!
Think about me!
Come on.
Yes, yes, thank you.
Thank you, thank you, God.
It's all over.
-It's over?
-It's over.
-It's okay.
♪ ♪
It's okay. We won.
♪ Right,
feeling like a brand-new me ♪
♪ In an entourage,
where the ladies be ♪
♪ And the sun don't shine
where the gangsters be ♪
♪ And we Russian roulette
so a game of three ♪
♪ Buy one, buy two,
buy three, buy four ♪
♪ And the sun don't shine
round the year no more ♪
♪ And the girls say "yeah" ♪
-This is what it was all for.
-Yes.
This is our family's night,
Lucious.
♪ ♪
I'm so happy
the family's coming together.
It's like nothing
we couldn't accomplish, Cook.
♪ ♪
Thank y'all so much.
Um, this is the night that
we've all been waiting for,
'cause this isn't just
my story.
The truth is,
this is our story,
the story of our very lives.
Tell 'em.
But before we get into
all of the Lyon secrets, honey,
I would like to give it up
for the cinematic reincarnation
of Lucious Lyon by our son,
Hakeem!
♪ Loyalty and honor,
ride to the death ♪
♪ Learn from your struggles
then apply it to the test ♪
♪ Be like David and Goliath to
these giants when they press ♪
♪ If living through the worst
got you dying for the best ♪
♪ You a Lyon in the flesh ♪
♪ Yeah, you a Lyon
in the flesh ♪
♪ Thank God I'm a Lyon
♪ God, I'm a Lyon
in the flesh ♪
♪ No more hurt, no more crying
when I'm stressed ♪
♪ I took the oath
to be a Lyon in the flesh ♪
♪ It started out in Philly ♪
♪ When a cutie
from the streets ♪
♪ Named Cookie met Lucious,
♪ It was
beauty and the beast ♪
♪ Was it lust at first sight ♪
♪ Or was it love
till the end? ♪
♪ Only thing we know
for sure ♪
♪ It was more
than just a friend ♪
♪ He would look into her eyes
to see the fire within ♪
♪ She looked back into his
eyes and saw messiah in him ♪
♪ This was destiny, fate,
like it was higher than them ♪
♪ And three boys later,
let the Empire begin ♪
♪ See Andre, the oldest son,
though it ain't a surprise ♪
♪ Like his father, dedicated,
educated, and wise ♪
♪ But Jamal, the middle child,
felt the greatest divide ♪
♪ A lifestyle that Lucious
didn't hesitate to despise ♪
♪ The tension between the two,
recipe for demise ♪
♪ Cause everybody know
a Lyon's legacy is his pride ♪
♪ I arrived
the youngest child ♪
♪ But I'm right
in the zone ♪
♪ The last descendant
of the king ♪
♪ Willing fight
for the throne ♪
♪ I was bred for this ♪
♪ How could I have fear
at this point?
♪ My own mama did 17 years
in the joint ♪
♪ I'm here for everything
they owe me ♪
♪ I ain't making it close ♪
♪ Born ready,
so I'm taking the oath ♪
♪ It go loyalty and honor ♪
♪ Ride to the death ♪
♪ Learn from your struggles
then apply it to the test ♪
♪ You like David and Goliath ♪
♪ To these giants
when they press ♪
♪ If living through
your worst ♪
♪ Got you dying for the best ♪
♪ You're a Lyon in the flesh ♪
♪ Yeah, you a Lyon
in the flesh ♪
♪ Thank God I'm a Lyon
♪ Yeah, no more hurt ♪
♪ No more crying
when I'm stressed ♪
♪ I took the oath
to be a Lyon in the flesh ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Any type of success
breed hate, don't it? ♪
♪ Holding your family name,
come a weight, don't it? ♪
♪ You grind this long, victory
show up late, don't it? ♪
♪ I can't fall, I know
my enemies waiting on it ♪
♪ See, life teach you lessons
can't nobody learn for you ♪
♪ I watched my mother and
father going through turmoil ♪
♪ Ones that stab you in your
back was never fit for you ♪
♪ Imagine marrying somebody
so they won't snitch on you ♪
♪ Yeah, my family fell out,
had clashes ♪
♪ But we rose like the phoenix
from the ashes ♪
♪ I love my brothers
no matter what ♪
♪ We just take the good
with the ugly and add it up ♪
♪ Pops, Andre, and Jamal ♪
♪ Went through it all
and patched it up ♪
♪ But found something great
in it all, and that was us ♪
♪ We took the oath ♪
- To the Empire!
♪ Family over everything ♪
♪ Love, Lyons, yeah ♪
♪ ♪
To the Empire!
Captioned by Captionmax